[Music]
hmm how much time mmm I love scotch I
love scotch scotches got scotch here it
goes down down and do my belly that is
good how are you you look awfully nice
tonight maybe don't wear a bra next time
how much time till we're on I'm ready
good evening I'm Ron Burgundy here's
what's going on in your world tonight it
was the 1970s in a simpler time the
divorce oh that's so good I'll probably
never see my kid fantastic it took a
simpler man follow leads confirmed
sources real journalism my friend great
right on now what's a lead to deliver
the news very important breaking news
well Pharaoh is Ron Burgundy who's that
handsome devil a Californian so popular
you stay classy San Diego he could have
been governor
[Music]
anchorman The Legend of Ron Burgundy